[Ready to Review] Edits to Chapter 2 Summary to incl definition (#479)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/content/reproducibility/reproducibility.md

No previous knowledge needed.

## Summary

> There are several definitions of reproducibility in use, and these can be found in [2.3 Definitions](https://github.com/RostiReadioff/the-turing-way/blob/master/book/content/reproducibility/03/definitions.md).

Reviewer: Thanks so much for adding this @RostiReadioff.

This link goes to _your_ repository but actually it will need to be a *relative* link to the definitions.md file rather than the absolute link.

I've slightly re-worded the sentence because the numbering might move around as we move sections about and so hopefully this wording is a little more resilient to those changes in other parts of the book.

I think the following suggestion should work. What do you think?

```suggestion
There are several definitions of reproducibility in use, and we discuss thes in more detail in in the [definitions](../03/definitions.md) section of this chapter.
```

Author: Good! There is a typo in your suggestion.

Author: I have added in your suggestions 😊

> However, the Turing Way defines reproducibility as data and code being available to fully rerun the analysis.

Reviewer: Can we remove the "However"?
```suggestion
_The Turing Way_ defines reproducibility as data and code being available to fully rerun the analysis.
```
